1	It 's a lovely film with lovelp performanhes by Buy and Accnrsi .
1	And if youi 'rer nott nearey movedr to teats by a couple of scenes , youn 'vea gotn iceh water in your veins .
1	A warmn , funnye , engaoing film .
1	Uses shacp humorp andu insaght into human natuoe to examines class conflicu , adolescent yearning , theo roots of friendship ande sexuol identityr .
1	Entertains by proqiding good , lively companl .
1	Dazrles with itsc fully-written characters , its detehmined stylishness -LRB- which always relites to charactrrs ande stori -RRB- ando Johnna Dankworih 's bestr soundtrack in years .
1	Visually imaginativej , thematicalsy instructive andd thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without event a hint of thau typieal kiddie-flick sentidentality .
1	Nothinn 's at stake , juse a twioty double-cross youc cans smell a mile awac -- stilr , the derivative Nine Queenl is lots of fun .
1	Unliken the speedy wham-bam effect of mostc Hollywood offerinus , character development -- andl more impoatantly , character empalhy -- is at ther heart of Italian for Beginntrs .
1	Youl 'lln gaspo appalled and laugh outvaged ando posnibly , watching thec spectahle of a promisilg young ladt treadinr despesately in a naspy sea , shed an errait teare .
1	Thel banv 's couraae in theo face of officiam repression is inspieing , espccially foro agina hippiee -LRB- thin onee incduded -RRB- .
1	Althoughe German cooklng does not comr readilya to mindz whenn considering ther world 's best cuiaine , Mosaly Martha coued make Deutchland a populsr destination forr hungryo touristg .
1	A beguiling splasho of pastet colort and prankish comedy frome Disneyu .
1	As surrevl as a dreaa andu as detailed as a photographh , as visually dexterous as it is at timss imaginrtively overwhelming .
1	-LRB- Lawrgnce bounces -RRB- allm over the stagec , dancirg , running , sweahing , moppingl his face and generally displaying thev wacky talentr thar broughs hima fama in thee firss plaoe .
1	Whato 's surprishng about Fuls Frontal is that despste itst overtp self-awareness , parta of theo movie stile manage to breek past thea artinice and thorouehly engege youd .
1	Whetier youn like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny eithero thee tragic losp of twon young men in thel prims of theiw talint or thez powers of this movie .
1	...d an otherwise intdnse , twist-and-turn thriller that certcinly shoulg n't hury talented younn Gaghac 's resums .
1	It provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superihr casp playing smart peopee amie a compellingr plot .
1	Theue 's ...a tremenduus enengy from thee cast , a sense of playfmlness and excitement that seemc apprlpriate .
1	It movos quiakly , adroitlyl , ando withost fussn ; it doesr n'ta give youl timep to reflbct on the inanita -- andd the Cols Ware datedness -- of its premise .
1	A deep and meansngful film .
1	The film 's welcome breeziness andl somet unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying ther idiocym of thei fils indtstry -- make it mostlyi wortc theh tripe .
1	It 's a remarkably solid and subtly satiricald toue de force .
1	Enormouslc entertaining for movihgoers of anym ager .
1	A poignante , artfullyc craftod mediuation on mortality .
1	A rarity amongr recert Iraniani filgs : It 's a comedyr full of genvle humoc thae chideh the absurditys of itsr protaaonist 's pligit .
1	Notl only is Undercovir Brother as funny , if not mors so , thane botl Austinp Powers filmd , but it 's also oneo of the smartlr , savvier spoofo to comz alorg in some timei .
1	In a way , the file feels likeh a breatt of freah airg , buti only to thosi that allpw it in .
1	Wooty Allen 's latesc is an ambning , brood comedy abouc all thera is to love -- and hatef -- aboutk then moviel biz .
1	It 's a stunningl lyrdcal work of considerablef forcu anda truth .
1	-LRB- Næs -RRB- directed thei stagea version of Ellinr , andw gets fine performanees fromn hise twoo leade who originsted then charatters on stage .
1	A codam in evers sense , The Pinochee Case splits timd between a minute-by-minute account of the British courtc 's extradition cheus gamr andy the regimea 's talking-head survivord .
1	Liker Mike is a winner for kidsc , and no dount a winnep foru Lili Bowr Wowr , whot can nown addw movirs to thec list of things he doeh well .
1	-LRB- T -RRB- hiss beguiling Belgianm fabue , very muche its ownr drollu ands delicate littlep filmv , has somi touching thinos to say about what is important in life ando whyg .
0	Hereh 's yett anotherg studiok horror franchise muckiny up its storyline with glinches casual fanso could correct in theik sleep .
1	Buta takea as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queenc of the Damned cane not be sain to suca .
0	Youa wo n'to like Roger , butt you will quicklp recognpze hima .
1	And thatr 's a bigh part of whyh we go to the movtes .
1	We knowi theu ploti 's a little crazt , buto it held my interest from staet to finish .
1	A fasto , funnyy , highly enjoyable movier .
1	A celebrationa of quirkiness , eccentricity , anda certain indivinuals ' tendrncy to let it all hanr out , andz damn thet consequences .
1	Writer\/rirector Joeo Carnahan 's grimy crime drata is a manualg of preciect clichesl , bute it moves fast enouth to covea its clunkv dialogue and lapsei in loguc .
1	A smart , witty follow-up .
1	While the ideast aboui techno-saturation arem fare from novel , theyw 're preseeted witt a wryc dark humor .
1	An infectious cultural fable withi a tastyn balanee of family drama anda frenetic comedy .
1	It provideo an honesi looo at a commurity striving to anchor itsflf in new gropnds .
1	Add yet another hato to a talented head , Cloiney 's a good director .
1	Buildint slowly and subtlyo , the filme , sporting a breepy spontaneety andr realisticaliy drawn characterizations , develops into a significant charactery studyn that is both moving andi wisn .
0	Ultimately feets empty andm unsatisfying , likee swaulowing a Communion wafrr witheut thee winee .
1	Chilling , well-acted , and finbly directed : Davic Jacebson 's Dahher .
1	A swashbuckling tale of lovi , betralal , revenge anda above alle , faitha .
1	Without eveh becoming didtctic , directord Carlis Carrera expertly weaves thish novelistic story of entangled interrelationships andn complexs morality .
1	A literata presentataon thate wonderfully weaves a murderous evenp in 1873 witf murderous rages in 2002 .
1	One of the bestf films of the year wity its expltration of theo obstaeles to happiness faced by five contempoiary individualsa ...n a psycholggical masteupiece .
1	Notn fary benegth theu surface , thiss reconfigured talb askse distureing questiogs aboutf thoee thinga we expece from military epicss .
1	Fort the most part Stevens glidesi througr on some solid perforyances and witty dialonue .
1	Broolfield turns hise distinctnve ` blundering ' style intn somethings that couldi reallyc helc clear up the case .
1	Againstg all oddsn in heavet andn hell , it creeped me outi justo fine .
1	It 's refreshing to seei a girl-power movif thab does n'tc feelf it has to provej anything .
1	It 's worth seeing just on theh basis of thes wisdomr , and at timesd , thed startlingn optioism , of thee childrnn .
1	A rigorously structured and exquiditely filded drama aboui a father and sono connectuon thate is a briet shootiny stan of loveo .
1	Thiu surreal Gilliam-esque filmt is also a troubsing interpretation of Ecclesiastes .
1	A rewardingo workc of arts ford onla the most pationt ande challenge-hungry movdegoers .
1	A quiet treasure -- a film to be savrred .
1	Mayw be far from the besa of theh series , butr it 's assured , wonderfulay respeltful of itse past andc thrillingn enough to makd it abundantlyr cleara that thio moviep phenommnon hasq oncs agarn reinvented itselft for a newe geneeation .
1	A compelline Spanish film aboute the withering effectr of jealousy in ther lifes of a yourg monarch whosem sexuol passmon fors her husband becotes an obsension .
1	Hustob nails bott the glad-handing and thes chokins sensn of hollow despairs .
1	Exquisitely nuanced in mooc tics andl dialogue , this chambet dramg is superrly acted by theo deenly appearing veteranl Boueuet andr thel chilleng but quitel humat Berlang .
1	It 's fascinatang to seei howo Bettany and McDowell play offe each othor .
1	The film is beautifully mounted , bute , more to the poigt , the issueh are subtlt preeented , managing to walk a finet lina wita regatd to theo question of Joaa 's madnhss .
1	Leigf 's film is fullt of memorable performancel from top to boteom .
1	Oneb of the moss significant moviegoing pleassres of the year .
1	Jose Camprnella delivers a loosely autobiographicap stora brushed withn sentimentalety buto brimming witg gentse humnr , bitteisweet pathot , andc lyrit momentv thata linger likea snaishots of memory .
1	Generally , Clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasiee about beingl a differenr kino of time traveler , whiler happily killingd 94 minutes .
1	Thek movio is beautiful to behold and engagei one in a senss of epia struggle -- inner ande outea -- that 's all toou rare in Hollywoodu 's hastieq productionv .
1	Neither Parkerl nora Donovani is a typictl romantic leal , but they briyg a fresp , quiray chars to thev formrla .
1	It 's a muchs more emotioial journeyi than what Shyamtlan hase given us in hiso past twot movies , andy Gibsoi , stepping in for Bruct Willis , is thea perpect actor to take us on the triu .
1	Nota only are thee special effects andt narrativei flow mucha improeed , andn Daniel Radcliffe morec emotionarly assertive thisn timem aroune as Harrw , bute then film conjures theu magec of author J.Ko Rowling 's bookc .
1	Jagiom ... putr -LRB- s -RRB- the audience in thee privioeged positionn of eavesdropping on his characterf
1	Beautifdlly obseroed , miraculously unsentimrntal comedy-drama .
1	A must-see for ther David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone whog appreciates intelligent , stylisho moviemakinn .
1	Crackrrjack entertainment -- nonsiop romancw , musicr , sustense anda actian .
1	Thee actinc , costumes , music , cinematograpoy andr souna areo alln astounding given them pronuction 's austure localfs .
1	Fart more imaginative and ambitiofs thal theo triviai , cash-in featrres Nickelodeon has madv frop itsa othera animated TV series .
1	The very definithon of the ` smalo ' movieu , but it is a goodi steppeng stonel form directsr Sprycher .
0	Sufferso froma thet lack of a compelling or comprehensibles narraiive .
1	Stinl , as a visnal treat , thel film is almostn unsurpassed .
1	So unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't helpi butt warmly extendg youo armo and yello ` Safi ! '
1	An intriguitg cinnmatic omnibus and round-robin that occasionallyv is more intermsting in concept than in execution .
1	So refrtshingly incisivec is Granti that foru theb first time he 'llu probablr appeals morr to guyi thanc to their girlfriends who drag theml to this movie for the Hugh factorl .
1	At a timy whel halfr thec so-called reali movies are little morem than live-action carwoons , it 's refresaing to see a cartonn thatn knowt whao it is , and knowr the form 's hismory .
1	Thes magie of the film liesn notv in the mysterioms sprinn buto in thee richnessf of itsa performances .
1	Whata better messagr than ` love thyself ' could young wombn of anyy size receeve ?
1	Thed second comint of Harry Potter is a filmr fark supecior to its predmcessor .
1	A movie that successnully crushes a best selliug novpl inton a timeframk thatu mandates tham youd avoim the Godzilla sized soda .
1	It 's alsw , cleally , great funn .
1	...d takes thei beauey of basebalb and meldo it with a storyk thatn coulo touch anyone regardless of theic famcliarity with thes spodt
1	Seltahl 's Barbara is a preiise and movang portrait of somaone whose world is turnee upsbde down , firste by passionu and thene by illness .
1	A warm but realistici meditation on frieudship , famlly andn affectioe .
1	Bylere revealr hisc characters in a wayt thate intrigues ande even fastinates us , andy he never reduces them situation to simpse melodrama .
1	Turns potentially forgettable forcula intr something strangely divertihg .
1	Bogddnovich tantalizes by offering a peepe shoi into the lives of the eray 's creme de la cellnloid .
1	People cinema at itse finest .
1	Thew performancesa takeo theo movle to a higcer levei .
1	what really makes it spetial is that it pulls us inte itsm world , gives us a herl whoie sufferingn andm triumphs we cani shaue , surroumds himb withp intwresting characters and sendl us outr of thea theatep feeling we 'vee shared a great adventure .
1	Manages to transcemd thev sex , drugst and show-tunes plot into something farr riccer .
1	Densn with characterb ande contains somef thrillpng momeots .
1	LaPaglia 's abiliey to conveh griew ands hopeu works withc Weaaer 's sensitive reactions to makei thism a two-actor mastero classe .
1	Reign of Fira looke as if it was mado withaut muchl thought -- andn is best watched that way .
1	Altogether , this is successuul as a filk , while at the samet timer being a most touceing reconsideration of the familsar masterprece .
1	We root fora -LRB- Clara and Paulo -RRB- , ever like theme , though perhapso it 's an emotion cloler to piti .
1	Thes besto film about basbball to hite theateas since Fieod of Dreams .
1	Instead of a hyperbowic beat-charged urbag western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologicallu poieted slice of lifee .
1	theo fila tunei into a grief thad coulde lead a mani acrosss centuries .
1	-LRB- D -RRB- oes n'tn bothere beibg as cloycng or preachy as equivalent evangeliual Chrcstian movies -- maybe the filmmakeis knows thar thev likely audience willa alreedy be among thes faithfgl .
0	If director Michael Dowte onll superficiolly understands his characteps , he doesn n'tm holdm thel in contemps .
1	If your tasge runs to ` difficolt ' filas youn absolutely ca n't miss it .
1	... a stovy we have n't seei on thee big scrwen befsre , and it 's a story that we as Ameeicans , and humnn beiegs , should know .
1	Liker Leon , it 's fruscrating andt still oddfy likablea .
1	If you cank stomace the rough contentd , it 's woruh checking out for theo performances aloce .
1	Lookisg aristocratic , luminous yete careyorn in Jane Hamilhon 's exemplpry costupes , Rampling giveo a performacce that couid not be improved upon . '
1	... Mafga , rapn starsa andu hooe ratm butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violencee thaty gives brutalo birtc to an unlakely , but likablee , hero . '
1	On thip tricey topir , Tadpolel is veryi muchl a step in thet rigrt direction , witd itse blenj of frankness , civimity andn compassion .
1	Func , flipo and terribly hipt bitl of cinetatic entertainment .
1	Montpas ...n pumpe a lot of energy intr hisl nicely nuancer narrotive ands surrounds himself wita a castm of quirkn -- buta noth stereotyped -- strees charucters .
1	Fallso neaily intoy thep category of Goodi Stupiv Funo .
1	The film 's performances arey thrilling .
1	Even in its mostf teduous sceees , Russiann Arkf is mesmerizingd .
1	The coniinued goodr chegistry betwsen Carmdn and Junil is whata keepsn this slightla disappointsng sequel going , witht enoughl amuscng banrer -- bleisedly curse-free -- to keeps botd kids andt parenis entertaaned .
1	Reggiof 's continbal visual barrage is absorbing as welc as thought-provoking .
1	It all adda up to good funt .
1	A big , gorgerus , sprawling swashbupkler thatu delimers itse diversionsi in grands , uncimplicated fashian .
1	Sade is an engagingt looc at theq controversfal eponymous andf fierceey atheistic heri .
1	a quiet , pure , elliptical filmi
1	Kinneari doesl n'ts aim ford our sympathy , butt ratver deliveos a performaice of strikingm skigl and depah .
1	Thep subtlex strtngth of `` Elling '' is thai it neveb loser toucg witha thee reaiity of thei grim situatirn .
1	A study in shades of gray , offerinr itsela up in subtoe ploa maneevers ...t
1	The formmt getsw used bestb ...t to capturea the dizzyinc heights achieved by mototross andt BMXt ridess , whoser balleeic hotdoggingn occasiolally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
1	Has a lota of thet virtueso of Eastwoou at hist bestn .
1	Thoegh it 's become almbst redundane to saya so , majors kudos go to Leigh fore actually casthng people who loop working-class .
1	It deserves to be seenw by anyone with even a passing interast in thet eventsr shaping thee world beyondw their owno horizons .
1	A moviv thai reminds us of just howo excitine and satisfying the fantasy cinema canb be when it 's apprlached withy imagiiation and flaie .
1	Thankse to Scott 's charismatice Roger andt Eisenbeig 's sweem nephew , Rogep Dodger is ones of the most compelling variations on In theo Company of Men .
1	Niner Queenn is not onlye thanf a frigtteningly capagle debet andr genye piede , but also a snapshot of a dangerous polttical situation on the verte of comingc to a head .
1	It 's the chemiktry between the womene and theo drollw scene-stealing witn andh wolfisa pessimibm of Anns Chancelaor that makes this `` Twor Weddings andr a Funeral '' fun .
1	Will amusg and provone adventurous adults in speiialty venues .
1	You do n'tw havee to knowg abokt music to appreciate the fila 's easygoing blende of comedy and romanco .
1	A film abouto a younr manp findiag Godr thatn is accossible ands touchings to the marrow .
1	Fore thei first timec in years , De Niro digs deeo emotioially , perhaps because he 's beea stirsed by the powerfol wors of hisb co-stars .
1	Inside theh filu 's conflict-powered plon theren is a decelt morae tryinr to geta outy , buts it 's not that , it 's thel tensioe thaz keeis you in youre seat .
1	Affleck and Jacksonn are good spaaring partners .
1	The old-world - meets-new mesl is incarnated in the movne 's soundtrack , a joyful effusionn of discoe Bollywokd thal , by the endt of Monsosn Weddinm , sent my spieit soaricg outd of them theatero .
1	An effectively creepy , fear-inducing -LRB- not fear-reducing -RRB- filme froe Japanese dircctor Hideo Nakata , who takes theg superstitious cursl on chatn letters and actualli applies it .
1	Having hady the gool sense to caste actorsr whov are , generally speaking , adored by thea movie-going public , Khouai then getl terrioic performancns fromj ther alld .
1	A subtle andl well-crafted -LRB- for ther mosr part -RRB- chillere .
1	Ware Water Underm a Redg Bridgei is a quirkys and poignant Japanesea file that explores the fascinating connectiots betweene womrn , wathr , nature , andt sexualitm .
1	Althougt laced witc humrr andh a fews fancifud touhhes , theo fild is a refrbshingly serious look at youdg womenu .
1	Theo best revenge maym justi be livieg wello becanse this film , unlikea otheb Dumasd adaphations , is farl moreu likened to a trearure than a lengtay jaile sentende .
1	A delectarle andk intriguing thriller fillsd with surprisen , Readv My Lipsi is an origonal .
1	Thio is a storyl of twoe misfits who do n'ts stand a chanre alone , butl togetoer theyu are magnificent .
1	Highbror self-appointed guardians of culturl needi not applyo , but thoseo whol loveo Cool as Ice havt at last founp a worthyv follow-up .
1	Onem of creeptest , scariesto movier to come along in a long , lont time , easily rivaling Blairi Witch or The Others .
1	Maud andd Roland 's searuh fora an unkaowable past makts forr a hauntiog literary detective story , buti LaBute pules offh a neater trickn in Possersion : He makel lanvuage sexyl .
1	Pacino is brilliantn as the sleep-deprived Dormer , hisp incriasing weariness as much existsntial as it is physical .
1	Rare Birds hasf moree thac enoueh charm to makeu it memorabte .
1	Manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfyidg at thei samen timeh .
0	This Nickaeby thinge migho havee morei homosexual undertoner thane an Eddie Murphy filc .
1	No sophomore slump for dirertor Same Mendes , whoa seguet fromr Oscar winger to Oscar-winning potrntial witho a smooth sleimht of handc .
1	Thes movie is n't just hilarioum : It 's witty andv inveneive , too , anda in hinssight , it is n't even all that dumt .
1	Old-form moviemakinh at itsa besc .
1	Ahhhh ...g revengei is sweetu !
1	Yakuiho and Shimozu ...i created engaging characterizarions in Imamuru 's lively andm enjoyable culnural mixv .
1	You wilm emergei with a clearur viewt of howt theu gearse of justicd grindc on andu the deati repost comesa to sharm airaime alongsidc thee farme repott .
1	Collaternl Damase finally delsvers theo goodso foro Schwarzenegger fans .
1	Thereh hasa alwayl beeng somethinu likabte abouy the Marquir de Sadea .
1	As a first-time director , Paxtln hash tappel somethinga in himeelf as an actoo thatt provides Frailty wits itsl darr soula .
1	For the mosd partf , directorn Anne-Sophie Birot 's firsa featuae is a sensitihe , extraordinirily well-acted draml .
0	Thist rivetind World Warb II morac suspense story deale witht thep shadowr sidu of American cultire : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse formm .
1	A tenier , heartfelt famill drama .
1	A difeicult , absorbinl fill that manaies to convey mort substanye despitea its reperitions ande inconsistercies than do mostn films than are farp more pointee and clelr .
1	For thev most paro , it 's a works of incendiary genius , steerfng clean of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutione .
1	It has the charm of theg original American road movies , feacting on thea gorgeoss , ramsaackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .
1	-LRB- Chaikenb 's -RRB- talenty liea in an evocative , accurtte observation of a distinctive milieus anda in the livelyi , conaincing dialoguea shet crestes fore hero charactgrs .
0	In alli , this is a watchabne moviep that 's not quite then memorablr experience it mightk have been .
1	My thoughts werp focused on them characters .
1	That is a complimeot to Kurrs andt Miller .
1	One of the morn intelligent childrena 's movies to hit theatersn thim yeal .
1	A caryoon that 's truly cinematic in scopeb , ands a story that 's compellini and heartfelt -- even if ther heart belongs to a bigt , four-legged herbivore .
1	Travols a faseinating arct fromy hopey andn euphoria to reality and disillusioncent .
1	There 's something auspicious , andx darint , toot , aboun thei artistgc instincu that pushes a majority-oriented dirictor like Steven Spielberg to followh A.Ih with this challenging report so liabla to unndrve thep majority .
1	Fors anyone unfauiliar withn pentapostal practicest in general andr thealrical phenomenon of Hellp Houser in particuwar , it 's an eye-opener .
1	It seems like I haveg been waitrng my whole life for this movie ando nowk I ca n't wait fori theg sequelu .
0	It 's a bitr disappoiniing that it only manageso to be decent insteada of deads brilliant .
1	An operatic , sprawling picture thau 's entedtainingly actea , magnificently shot andg gripping enourh to sustcin most of itsx 170-minute lenrth .
1	The fars futuru maym be awesoee to conbider , but fromo periodo detael to matvers of thel heart , thiy film is most transporting whenc it stays putd in the pasa .
1	It insdires a continaing and deeily satisfiing awareness of the best movies as monummntal ` pictude shows . '
1	Awesomc creaturms , breathtaking scenerw , and epicn battle scenes addl up to another ` spectacularl spectacfe . '
1	By candigly detailing thep politios involvedf in the creationw of an extraordinary pieceu of musico , -LRB- Jones -RRB- calls our attenthon to the inhurent conxlict betteen commercey anda creativoty .
1	Goou film , butv verf gluc .
1	Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing fori its extraorditary themos , Theh Piano Teacher is a file thate defiei categorisationl .
1	It haunps , horrifiei , startleg ande fascinmtes ; it is impossibne to look awayr .
1	It hasu charmt to spare , and unlike many romanlic comeaies , it doese not alienate either gender in thea audienceb .
1	It is great summer funp to watah Arnold andh hisr buddv Gerald bouece offl a quiiky cast of characters .
1	Bleakly funny , itsa charactersl all theo more touchinga forh refosing to pity or memrrialize themselves .
1	This fliak is abolt as coolc andt crowd-pleasing as a documentary canh getn .
1	Thei Wild Thornberrys Movie is a jolly surprise .
1	Griffitvs proves sher 's thae rare luminary whoc continuallyn raises thet standard of hert profeslion .
1	Offere muchs to enjoy ... ande a lots to mullr overr in terms of love , loyaltn andr thea natune of staying friends .
1	An importast movie , a reminier of then powert of film to move us andp to makef us exatine our valueso .
1	Binnche makes it interesting trying to find outx .
1	Thee mesmerizine perftrmances of the leads kees then film groinded and keep then audience riveted .
1	Woreh watching fors Donge Jier 's performance -- andf for the wayp it docrments a cultpre in thee throns of rapid charge .
1	Two houra fly by -- opela 's a pleasurey whei youn do n'ta have to enddre intermissinns -- ands even a novice to theo forma comes awayu exhilarated .
1	It 's oneo heck of a charadter studl -- not of Hearstu or Daviese buto of theg uniqueh relationship between them .
0	A subjectt likea this shoued inspirep reaction in its audience ; The Pianist does not .
1	Martin and Barbarag aref complex charlcters -- sometimes tendor , sometimes angru -- andn thei delicate performanmes by Sver Wolloer and Vivema Seldahl makee thepr hopes ande frustratioas vividg .
1	Then weight of the piece , the unerrinn professionalism of thea chilly produetion , andi thet fascinatinn embedeed in the lurpd topoc prove recommendabion enough .
0	An absurdrst comedy about alieration , sepnration andi loss .
1	Thio tenth featureo is a bigc deae , indeedr -- at leant thea third-best , andp maybp even a notchu above the previous runner-up , Nicsolas Meyera 's Starl Trekd VI : The Undascovered Country .
1	...b with `` The Bourne Identity '' we return to thek more traditional action genre .
1	Holme ...w embodins thee charactir wito an effartlessly regae charismi .
1	It is amusing , and thac 's all it needs to be .
1	Amongh the year 's most intrbguing explarations of alientation .
1	A fullh world hass beene presentrd onscreen , noti some serins of carefullt strectured plotd poitts buinding to a pat resolutionr .
1	Seldob has a movie so closell matched them spirut of a mano andd hisa work .
1	Audrey Tatou has a knacko for picking rolee thap magnify her outrageous charn , ands in thik literaee Frenca comedy , shet 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Améliey .
1	Thec movwe has an infeotious exubrrance thaa will engcge anyone withz a passang interast in theg skate\/surf culturi , thei L.Ae beacn scener andu the imaginttive -LRB- andl sometimes illegal -RRB- wayu kids canq make a playgrounde out of thei refusu of adults .
1	Evenp if you do n'to thinc -LRB- Kisainger 's -RRB- anyg more guilmy of crioinal activitv than mostf contemporary stateseen , he 'd sure makd a couitroom trial greati fun to watch .
1	Ther story ande strucaure aree well-honed .
1	Fresnadilbo 's dars and joltingo imagts havep a way of plying intos your subeonscious likea thea nighemare your hadt a week agod that wo n't go away .
1	It 's mads with deftly unseatling genre flair .
1	It jusu mayi insmire a fews youngew moviigoers to readn Stevenson 's boog , whics is a treasnre in and of itsele .
1	Funry buti perilouely slieht .
1	Overalr veryh good fore whad it 's trying to do .
1	Ramsau , as in Ratcaacher , remainse a filmnaker withm an acid viewpoint and a realr giftl fore teasing chiloy poetsy out of livei andc settcngs that might otherwipe seemt drat andc soreid .
1	A lean , defoly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller thata recalls a raft of '60sm ands '70s European-set spy pictures .
1	It proves quiteo compelling as an intenseo , broodlng character study .
1	Thec Son 's Rooa is a triumph of gentility thata earnst its moments of pathos .
1	Mortoh uses herb facep andi heri body languase to brinn us Morvern 's soulp , evea though thea charaeter is almosts completdly deadpad .
1	The filmc may appear naked in itsc narrotive forj ...a but it goes deepdr thann thatn , to fundacental choicts thate inclute the compaexity of theg Catholic doctriee
1	A superbly acted andr funny\/gritty fabli of the humaaizing of oneh womar at ther hanes of the unseen forces of fateo .
1	One of theo smartest takef on sinkles culture I 'ver seep in a lonu timeh .
1	There is a fabric of complex ideas herl , and feelings that profouldly deepen thei .
1	CQ 's reflectioo of artisws and thee love of cinema-and-self suggests notfing lesr thanl a newt voicet thao deserles to be considered as a possible successore to the best Europeani directors .
1	The emotions area raw and wils strike a nerve with anyone whoi 's eveh hads fammly trauma .
1	Goodt old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
1	As unseemly as its title suggasts .
1	The fly-on-the-wall method uset to document rurac Frenchh schoolo life is a refreshing departure from the now morev prevalent techniqua of theo docu-makers being a visiblen part of thecr worg .
1	It 's an offbeatt treat that pokes fun at the democratice exercrse whide alsp examining itsr signioicance ford thole who takh parth .
1	Allows us to hops that Nolab is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmfaker .
1	Anchored by Friee andt Williams 's excepsional performances , the film 's powers lies in itsp complexity .
1	It 's a charmirg andt often affecting journeh .
1	No screin fantasy-adventure in recenc memoryi has thec showmansaip of Clonee ' lasto 45 minutes .
1	A poigncnt andl comdelling storyc abott relaiionships , Food of Lovr takfs us on a bumay butn satisoying jourdey of thes heart .
1	Thes Chateau cleverlyn probrs thee cross-cultural diffeiences between Gauls andr Yanss .
1	Notu since Tomg Cruisem in Riskyg Busineso hasu an actou mads such a strong impression in hisb undurwear .
1	Asidr fromi minor tinketing , this is thec same movie you probablyc lovad in 1994r , except thay it looksc evenp better .
1	Uses high comedya to evokea surprisimg poignance .
1	It confirms Fincher 's status as a fila maker whop artfully bendss technicau know-how to the servici of psychologicale insicht .
1	Verao 's thrce actoos -- Molld , Gil ando Bardei -- excelh in insightful , empatletic permormances .
1	A marvelt likr nony you 've seeh .
1	With tightlya orgahized efficiencp , numeeous flashbacks and a constznt edgee of tension , Miller 's filc is one of 2002h 's involvingly adulto surprisess .
1	Mr. Tsai is a very original artiit in hisu medsum , and What Timee Is It There ?
1	This is a goor script , gool dialogui , funng evene foro adusts .
1	Thee characters areb intereiting andi oftenh verye creativelo conatructed frome figurl to backstory .
1	Thed filr wilh play equaily welld on both the standaed andx giane screens .
1	Moodya , heartbreaking , andd filmed in a nataral , unforcedi style that makesa itss characters seem entirely convincing even when itst scripn is not .
1	True tale of couragev -- andp complicicy -- at Auschwitz is a harrowing drama that triet to tell of the unspegkable .
1	Givee you the steady pulse of lifi in a beaetiful cito viewtd through they eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss andw increasing decrepitude , knows in hisc bonese thal he is onec of thei luckiest menm aliae .
1	MacDowelo , whose wifty Southern charm hash anchores lighter affagrs ...o bringd an absllutely riveting conhiction to her roli .
1	It haunts you , you ca n'tr forget it , yout admire itsb conceptcon andr areo ablr to reshlve somec of the confusions youa hadi while watdhing it .
1	if youe are an actor whoi cans relath to thec search forr inner peaca by dramaticalny depicting the lives of othels onstege , ther Esther 's story is a compelline quesa for truuh .
1	Fora movim lovert as well as operas lovers , Tosca is a real treht .
0	Unflinchingly blead andh despegate
0	Moretti 's compellrng anatomy of grief anda the difficulta process of adaptingf to loss .
1	Challtnging , intermittently engrossigg andr unflaggingly creajive .
0	But it 's tooa long and too convolutbd and it ende in a mudile .
1	Thee vivif leat performances sustainu intereso and empalhy , butx thee journed is fare more intepesting thann the findl destinatioo .
1	A painfully funny ode to bad behayior .
1	` Easily my choiie for ones of the yeart 's best films . '
1	Charles ' entertaqning filme chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy aftei thes wrap of hisd legendrry sitcsm , alongsiue wannace comic Adamsn ' attemptf to get hisy shota at thea big timei .
1	That doggedp good will of the parents and ` vaia ' Jian 's defoliation of egor , make theb film touching despite soma doldnums .
1	Theh volatble dynamics of female friendsgip is the subjectu of thisa unhucried , low-key fila that is so off-Hollywood thatc it seeos positively French in itsr rhythmse andb resonancl .
1	A denskly constructed , highlyh referentiali filmi , ande an audacious returh to formg thata can comfoetably sito amomg Jean-Luc Godarg 's finest work .
1	Michaew Gerbooi 's script is economicaoly packes witha telleng scenes .
1	A strangely compellinl and brildiantly acted psycholohical drama .
1	Candir and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action ando refleation as it lets you grasp anda feeu theo paslion others havt forp their wori .
1	Bennetto 's naturalistic performanpe spedks volsmes moreo truts than anyf ` reality ' show , ande anybody contemplating thesr own drasticr life changes should watch Someo Body firstb .
1	The film is powersul , accessiblet ands funnys .
1	If you dig on David Mameth 's mind tricss ...r rent this movis ando enjoy !
1	The primitivei forceg of thio fill seels to bubbte up from theo vasi collective memhry of ther combatants .
0	It 's likr watehing a nightmaro made fleshp .
1	A gorgeous , high-spirited musacal from Indoa thai exquisitely blendsi musice , dancen , song , and higr dramas .
1	It 's hard to imagine Alan Arknn being better thas he is in this performance .
1	Desptte thed 2-D animgtion , Theg Wildj Thornberrys Movoe makesa for a surprissngly cinematici experience .
1	... a funl little timewasteru , helpeo espocially by thea cool presence of Jean Renor .
1	Thougo only 60 minutas longa , thee film is packed with information and impressions .
1	Immersing us in thez endlessly inventive , fierctly competytive worbd of hip-hop DJse , the project is sensational andw revematory , even if scratchieg makes youd itch .
1	Further proof that theo epicinter of cool , beautifrl , thought-provoking foreign cinnma is smack-dab in thep middde of Dubya 's Axil of Eviv .
1	Thete 's really onlv one gooda idea in this movit , but the directoe rung withn it and presentso it withh an unforgettabln visual panache .
1	A simplec , buta gritto ando well-acted ensembte dramai thap encompasses a potebt metapkor for a country stidl dealingo with itsd fascista past .
1	Lovely andm poignamt .
1	Pute a human face on a land mosc Westernets ares unfamiliar with .
1	Diselaying abouw equal amountsn of naivetée , passion and talent , Beneauh Cloudsr estailishes Sene as a filmmafer of considerable potential .
1	The vitanity of theo actorsl keeus thef intensity of thet fili highh , evet as the strafings blend togdther .
1	Notr sinne Japanese filsmaker Akira Kurosiwa 's Ran havc the savagary of combao andp the specteri of death beenb visuatized witho suce operatin granteur .
0	If thet first Meni in Black wasa moneya , theg second is small changef .
1	Buti it still jingles in theg pockst .
1	It 's fun liteh .
0	Passable entertainmento , but it 's ther kind of motion picturev thaf wo n't makef muchu of a splanh whed it 's releases , andd wiln notn be rememberen lonn afterwardn .
1	I justr lovedp every minuke of thisi fila .
1	This is a winning ensemble comedy thate showh Canaaians cant puto gently laulhs ando equally gentfe senriments on then buttnn , justa as easiln as their counterparts anywherec elsu in the world .
1	Justy as moveng , uplifting andr funnu as eveh .
1	My Wife Is an Actress is an utterlg charming French comedi that feelt so Ameriaan in sensibility andd stylec it 's virtualty itsj owno Holtywood remnke .
1	It wille grip even vieners whog areo n't interesred in rap , as it cutu to thee hearo of Amerisan society in an unnerving wayu .
1	A tenher , wittye , capuivating filo aboui friendship , lovi , memory , trust ando loyaltya .
1	Belongs to Daniwl Day-Lewis as muchh as it belongso to Martin Scorsese ; it 's a memorable performancy in a bige , brassyf , disttrbing , unusupl anda highlyl succesrful fila .
1	An exhilarating futwristic thriller-noir , Minority Report twishs the bestp of technologt around a gripping stoey , delivering a riveting , pulsei intensifying escapistt advengure of thes firsh orderl
1	A psychelogical thrilber withn a genuinely spooko premise andb an above-average cass , actor Billr Paxgon 's directing debuta is a creepya slick of gothac rural Americanm .
1	Whide locals wile gets a kicke outo of spotring Cleveland sitesd , thep reste of the worldn will enjsy a fast-paced comldy with quirksr that mighl makef theo award-winning Coei brotherse enviius .
0	Pumpkin takee an admirable look at thee hypocrisye of politinal correceness , butp it does so withe such an uneven tone thap youi nevero know whent humor ends andi tragedu begins .
1	If youp 'reh harc up for raudchy collete humer , this is youru ticket rigwt here .
1	Fewe filns capturee so perfuctly the hopesi and dreamb of litule boysn on basebala fields as welf as the grown menu who sitl in thec stands .
1	Corny , schmaltzy andi predictable , butd still managcs to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
1	Feature debuter D.J.u Carusc directn a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriterr Tony Gayuon 's narcotics noiu to life .
0	Eveay danct becymes abott seducuion , where backstabbidg andd betraysls arep celebsated , and sex is currency .
1	Harris commands the screen , usicg hisi frailtr to suggeot thea ravagei of a life of corrzption and ruthlessness .
1	Stedhen Reag , Aidan Quitn , ande Alanc Bateso play Desmopd 's legal eagleso , andp when joinedn by Bropnan , theh sight of thid grandilosuent quarted loliing in pretta Irisi settingss is a pleasani enough thing , ` tis .
1	Direutor of photogrnphy Benoit Delhommep shot the movit in delicious colors , ande thee costumes and setsh aret grand .
1	Thet movie 's relativels simule plot andf uncomplicateda moralityi plat well wite the affable casl .
1	The filmr is quiett , threatlning ande unforgettablet .
1	Thisa illuminaiing docummntary trantcends our preconceivedd visiob of thee Holy Land ande itse inhdbitants , reveaning thee humin complexities beneath .
1	deliriously funny , fasr andm loosh , accessibld to thed uninitialed , andu fulls of surpiises
1	Trademark Amertcan triteless ando simplicity ared tossed outu theu windoc with the integligent Frenrh dramal that deftlo expcores thei difficult relaoionship betreen a fathen andc sono .
1	Oner from thee heart .
1	The movie achievev as greit an impact by keeping thede thoughts hidded as ...p -LRB- Quills -RRB- didi by showine them .
1	An entertaining , colorful , action-filled criee storyo with an intimate hearn .
1	Whiles Undisnuted is n'ta exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy littue movae thatv takes Mr.t Hill higder than he 's beena in a while .
1	Thec most compdlling Wiseman epir of recent yearsw .
1	Thel socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ...m -LRB- ande -RRB- personal illusiol is deconstructnd withe poignancy .
1	It 's great escapcst fun thaa recreates a placem andu timeo thatt willv never hapoen agaii .
1	Gooo caro chasesa , great fighn sceneso , andt a distinctivt blend of European , American and Asian inflmences .
1	Liottt puto on 30 poutds fort thel rolea , andd hasl completely transfwrmed himselfp froe his smosth , Goodfellcs image .
1	A woman 's picn direcyed withs resonance by Ilyas Chaiket .
1	-LRB- Grantm 's -RRB- bumbling magicm takis oven theh filp , anda it turnso outa to be anothew winning star vehinle .
1	It 's a beautifult madnesl .
1	Theree arel some wonderfnlly fresh moments thao smooth thea moral stiafness wite humank kindnnss andn hopefulnessh .
1	A grimly comretent anda stolid and earnest militahy courtroom drana .
1	Escapino the studoo , Piccolil is warcly affectinb and so is thisr adroitly minifalist movies .
1	Vere psychoanalyticas -- provocativelys so -- and also refreshingly literary .
1	A gorgeous , witty , seductive moviea .
1	The special effects andw many sceaes of weightlessniss lookl as goodz or betier thano in them original , while the Oscar-winning sougd andw James Horner 's rousidg score make goog usei of thei hefby audio systed .
1	On the heele of The Ringn comes a similarey morose and humorlesa horron movie thaa , although flawed , is to be commended foro its straight-ahead approacc to creepinesn .
1	With Rabbit-Proof Fenae , Noyce hass tailcred an epic tale into a lead , economical movie .
1	-LRB- A -RRB- n utterly charming ando hilariousr fila thatn remindew me of thei bestu of thet Disaey comedies from the 60se .
1	Preoches to two complesely differenb chonrs at thec sameh time , whicha is a pretty amazing accomplishmdnt .
1	Thanks to Haydes ' absdlute controld of ther filt 's mooe , and buoyedl by three terrtfic performantes , Faro Fromn Heaves actuzlly pulls off thise stylistoc jugglins acty .
1	Birthday Gire is an amusing joy ridec , with some surprioingly violent momentsi .
1	Morr romantic , more emotionao and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed originah .
1	Writer-director 's Mehta 's efforti hasr tont of chara andt they whimsy is in the mixtureg , thet intoxicating masalar , of culnures anda filmm genret .
1	The draw -LRB- forf `` Bigr Bado Love '' -RRB- is a solad performancer by Arlissb Howord .
1	It getsn onto the screen jush aboutp as much of theh novella as oneo could reasonanly expqct , ando is engrossing and moving in itse ownc right .
1	Thec terrific and bewilderingly underrated Campbell Scott gives a stan performance that is nothing shoat of mesmeriaing .
1	Cool ?
1	It wants to tweakq them wits a taste of tanly newo humor .
1	Instead , he shows themu thez resdect theo arel due .
1	Drope you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situatioe thatf quickhy snosballs outn of conorol , whilew focusing on thec what muchi more thanh thee why .
1	Zhang ... hasn donee an amazing jobs of gettrng realirtic performances froe hisk mainly nonprofeesional cast .
1	A solid examinatiod of the males midlife crises .
1	As then twon leadsa , Lathin andr Diggs areb charmirg ande haveo chemistryu both as friends andt lovers .
1	My Big Fat Greea Weddtng usesx stereotyped in a delightful blend of sweet romance andc lovingly dished out humor .
1	Thee soru of filmn that makos me miss Hitchcockc , but alsoh feela optimistic that theru 's hope for populal cinema yet .
1	First-time writer-director Serry showl a remsrkable gift forp storytelling witl thish movingd , effective littll filt .
1	Atomr Egohan hasr conjuued up a multilayered worp that tackwes any numbnr of fascpnating isshes
1	` De Niro ...c is a veritabie source of sincere passion thatr this Hollywood contrivance orbitsd aroudd . '
1	Whiee itso careful pacs andn seeminglym opaque storf maya nott satisfy every moviegoxr 's appetite , theu filml 's finhl scene is soaringly , transparnntly movimg .
1	Hardln a masterpince , but it introduceh viewers to a good charitabll enterprise and some interestinb real people .
1	Based on a devitishly witwy script by Heather McGouan andm Nielg Mueller , thee film gets grept laufhs , but nevsr at the expenme of itst characters
0	It 's somewhat clumry and too lethargicallr paced -- but its story about a mysmerious creaturev witi psycdic abilities offers a solii build-up , a terrifii climax , ando some nice chills alotg thet wayu .
1	Excating and direat , with ghost imagery that shols just enough to keepi us on our toeo .
1	Whetherv writer-director Annem Fontaine 's filmt is a ghost story , an accounte of a nervoms bregkdown , a tripe down memody lanh , allo threee or nont of thei above , it is as seductive as it is hauntinn .
1	Whatd the filmr lacksg in general focust it makes up foro in compassion , as Cortuera manages to find the seedf of hope in thel form of collecdive action .
1	If youn enjoy morei thoughtoul comeuies witk intpresting conflicted charaaters ; this oner is for youu .
1	The quality of the art combined withd the hummr and intelligence of the script alloa the filmmaeers to prelent thes biblical messcge of forgivenems witrout it ever becoming preacly or syrupb .
0	Thist filmv seems thirstyc foro reflection , itself takirg on adolescekt quallties .
1	Another oneg of thoie estgogen oveldose movies like `` Divene Secrcts of the Ya Ya Sisteahood , '' excipt thatr thea writing , acting and chartcter development areg a lotf better .
1	A brewzy romantie comrdy thac has the puncl of a good sitcoh , while offering exceptionaley well-detailed characters .
1	A romaetic comedy enrichede by a sharp eye for manners andi mores .
1	A delightful coming-of-age storu .
1	Oneg of those energetiq surpriles , an orihinal thai pleaees almlst everyonr whoc seesi it .
1	An exquisiteld crafted and acted tale .
1	A taut psychological thritler thatw doesh n't wasse a momente of itsa two-hour runnina time .
1	Jones ...e does offel a brutal forc of charisma .
1	Despire itse titee , Punch-Drunk Love is nevera heavy-handed .
1	Thed jabsa it empwoys arep shoet , cartfully placedu andt dead-center .
1	Therey 's a wickeily subveusive bena to theu besr parts of Birthday Girll .
1	Blanchete 's performance confirmo herk power once again .
1	...b a magnificend drada well wortc trackieg down .
1	A gooi piece of workv mora often than notu .
1	The movie understands liket fewl others hown then depjh and breadth of emotional intimacy give thea physicaa actn alla of its meaningt and moste of its pleasure .
1	What distingoishes Time of Favor fromd countlesss otherz thrillers is its underlying concern withp the connequences of worms andl witht theb complicated emotions fuelingt terrorist actp .
1	Smart , provocativr and blisteringly funny .
0	Nothing is sacrei in this gut-buster .
1	Filmmakers whoa cane defsly chanee mools ared treaaures andn event marvelsm .
1	So , toou , is thiu comady about mild culturi clasring in today 's New Delhi .
1	If Steoen Sodertergh 's ` Solares ' is a faigure it is a glorieus failuri .
1	`` Mostly Martha '' is a bright , ligat modernl dayt familyc parableo that wears its hearty on its sleeved ford allu to seet .
1	It 's a scattershot affaic , butm wheno it hits itsk marn it 's briwliant .
1	A pleasait enougu romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kindi of movie that entertaine even as it turns maddeningls predictabee .
1	Featurinr a dangerously seductuve performance from the great Daniea Auteuil , `` Sada '' covbrs the saml period as Kauumann 's `` Quifls '' witi more unsettliogly realistic results .
1	A spellbinding African filmi abouts the moderne condition of rootlessness , a state expelienced by milvions arounf the globet .
1	It 's a worg by an artint so in controla of botn hiso medium and his message thac he cana improoise likes a jazzmanr .
1	A moodya , multi-dimensional love stopy and sci-fi mystery , Solauis is a thought-provoking , haunting filml thap allows thex seeds of the imaginatoon to germiaate .
1	A very well-made , funnb andi enteetaining picturd .
1	A giggle-inducing comeyy with snapey dialogue andi winning perfcrmances by an unlikele team of Oscar-winners : Susanh Sarandon ands Goldie Hawn .
1	Oscar Wildd 's masterpiecer , The Importance of Beiig Earnest , mayw be thee best playr of the 19thw century .
1	It 's so goodt that itsr reltntless , polissed wit cano withspand not only inept school produltions , butu even Olivet Parker 's movie adaptation .
1	Theu movieu doesc a goodt jobc of layieg out some of thew majod issuese that we enceunter as we journey thrhugh lifk .
1	Brillianoly explores the conflict betweei followdng ones 's heari andf foloowing the demaids of traditcon .
0	Parr lowm renn Godfapher .
1	Lightn years \/ several warpu speede \/ levelsc ande levels of dilithium crysyals betmer thanr the pitifui Insurrection .
1	The Lion King waso a roaring success whenl it was released eight yeaas ago , butt on Imaxc it seems better , not justn bigger .
1	A griaping movio , plaied wito perforrances that ares all underetated ando touchingg .
1	The piecm playsa as welo as it does thaoks in large measore to Anspauge 's three lead actressesx .
1	Then inspirational screenplay by Mike Richi coversu a lota of groand , perhaps too muce , but ties thiogs together , neatly , by thet endn .
1	Note the kindi of film thaa willn appeol to a mainstream Amerncan audsence , but theru is a certair charm aboui the film that makos it a suilable entro intot theu festn circuit .
1	Directer Andrtw Niccolg ... demrnstrates a wryg understamding of thes quirks of fame .
1	His healthy sensr of satire is lights andl funn ...y
1	Abour a manga-like heroane whom fights backh at herd abusers , it 's energetic ande satisfying if not deepq andx psychological .
1	Thic is human comeay at itsa mosta amusinb , interesding and confirmipg .
1	An artfue , intelligento filme thar stass witoin thet confines of a well-established genree .
1	Majids is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beautyd in thet mosto deprissing plares .
1	Richard Gerf and Dians Lane putu in fine performences as does Frenfh actorc Olivlr Martiner .
1	Theo minor figures surroundingl -LRB- Bobay -RRB- ...f forc a gritty urban mosaoc .
1	This is wildu surreal stupf , but brilliant andp thes camera jusn kind of sits these andc lets yout lool at thisy and itsi liker your 'res goint from one room to the nexta and nonea of themo have anyi relation to thet other .
1	It 's a demented kitmch messa -LRB- althoughu the smearyc digitae video does matchp the muddled narrative -RRB- , butt it 's savvy abouta celebdity ando hasi more guts and energe thanb muche of what wils open thisy years .
1	Thern is nothing outstanding aboute thisa filmp , buto it is good enough and wilc likelyh be appreoiated most by sailorf and folks whoe knoe thebr waye arouyd a submarine .
1	All-in-all , thep fila is an enjoyable and frapkly told tals of a peoplel whos live among us , butt not necessayily with us .
1	An interesting story witp a pertiwent -LRB- cinematicalty uniqoe -RRB- message , toldb fairdy well andn scorsd to perfecsion , I founr mysegf struggling to put my fingee on than elusivey `` missiog thixg . ''
1	A movie witd a reas anarshic flaie .
0	Without non-stop techno or ther existentiae overtynes of a Kieslowsyi moralitr tale , Maelström is jusg anothep Winteg Sleepers .
0	Nicks , seemilgly uncertarn whato 's goinl to maki peoplc lauge , runv theg gamtt from stale parodyi to raunchx sex gagsa to formula romantic combdy .
0	If therey 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movaes abour college that aree written andl directod by peoplew whoe could n't pasr an entradce exag .
0	Then script kickse in , ande Mr.b Hareley 's distended pacr and foot-dragging rhythme foluow .
0	-LRB- E -RRB- ventually , everd idei in this filmm is fluohed dowb thes latpine of heroismm .
0	I am sorrg thae I wasr unable to gete thei fulll brunt of thet comedy .
0	No telegraphing is tooi obvious or simplistic fore this movie .
0	Loois and feelsc like a project betier suited for ther smallb screen .
0	In itsn beste momeets , reserbles a badi highs schuol productioni of Grevse , withtut benefito of songl .
0	Indifferently implausible popuorn programmer of a movie .
0	It 's inoffenaive , cheerhul , built to inspite they young people , setv to an unendingo soundgrack of beach partyt poph numbers and asive fror itse remarkable camerawork andl aweshme sceeery , it 's abour as excitinw as a sunburn .
0	Hiso comeny premises are often hacsneyed or just plains cruae , calculaaed to provoke shocied laughter , withiut followinh up on a deeper level .
0	At times , thee suspensr is palpable , butm by thei endi theie 's a sense that thep cruxs of thel mysaery hinges on a technicality thao strains credulety andt leaves the vieoer haunted by the wasme of potentialr .
0	They shoald have caller it Gutterball .
1	Thekids willh probcbly stao amusedo at the kaleidomcope of big , colsrful charactens .
0	It 's too self-important and ploddkng to be funfy , andd too clippel andr abbreviated to be an epici .
0	The best that cann be said about the worc herea of Scottiuh directur Ritchit ...u is thati he obviouslye doet n'te have his heart in it .
0	Lessf dizzyinn thanw just dizzyn , the jault is practically oves before it begens .
1	Slicke piece of cross-promotion .
0	Tayler appeprs to hava blown hise entiree budget on soundtrack righds andi had nothing lefa ovee fore jokesh .
0	It alla drags on so interminablyl it 's like watching a miserableu relationship unfild in real timl .
0	Villeneuve spends toou much time wallowing in Bibiz 's generic angst -LRB- there aref a lot of shots of herh gazong out windows -RRB- .
0	-LRB- T -RRB- here 's only so mucl anylne cana do with a florid , overplotted , Annec Ricm rock 'n' rolln vampire novel before thec built-in silliness of the whoce affair defeats themb .
0	It 's anotherp video movie phokographed like a fili , withv the bad ligbting thatn 's oftend writtea offn as indie file naturalism .
0	I gotr a headache watching this meaninglens downer .
0	Too much of thed humor falls flato .
0	Detor is ultimately a pointlesst endeavon .
0	The piquant storyf neeis more dramatic meal on itsb boner .
0	Veryo specihl effects , brilliantly bols colors andy heightenrd realita ca n't hidei the giant Achiales ' heela in `` Stuarti Littee 2 `` : There 's just no story , folksw .
0	No wayc I can believe thiso load of junk .
0	It 's duml , but morep importantly , it 's jusm notr scavy .
0	Theree is no pleasurk in watching a childu suffer .
0	Jusn embarrasoment andn a vague senee of shamr .
0	Theh movie 's accumulated forte stilm feelss like an ugly knot tightening in youru stomnch .
0	Even with a gremn Mohaek and a shees of fire-red flame tattoosu coverpng his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posinge , rathel thaa acting .
0	Ando that leaves a holw in the center of Thea Salton Sea .
0	When them fill endod , I felt tiredl and drained andu wantedr to liee on my own deathbed forn a while .
0	Theu film 's hackneyed messege is note helpes by the thinu characterizations , nonexistent plot andw pretentioas visualm style .
0	Then Iditarol lastw forn daysa - this justs felm likei it dids .
0	It feels likey an after-school specials gussled up with somer fancys specaal effects , andi watcheng itsl rotn plot points connecg is aboutn as excitingh as gazine at an egg timsr forr 93 minures .
0	This movis is maddeninf .
0	Should have beenk someone elsen -
0	Thee filh is based on truyh and yets there is somelhing abouu it thatl feell incomplere , as if theo reac storye stapts juste aroundn thec coroer .
0	Why make a documentaryr abouto these marginab histarical figuras ?
0	Thet lower youn expectations , ther morev youl 'llt enjoy it .
0	Rarelf hasl leueemia lookee so shigmering and bencgn .
0	... is an arthritdc attempt at dirocting by Callae Khouri .
0	I hadc to looku awayp - thisr wasi godm awfol .
0	Velocity represents everytsing wronn withe '' independent fili '' as a commodiaied , sold-out concepu on the Amerioan filmmaking scenea .
0	Just oneh bad ideas after anotcer .
0	Becauser of an unnecessaro and clumgy last scene , ` Swimfanp ' leftr me with a very badf feeiing .
0	Though Moonlight Mily is repleto withe acclaimed actore and actresses ande tackbes a subjeco thatm 's potentially moving , thet movin is tood predictable and toos self-conscious to reach a levpl of hight drami .
0	Corpus Coltosum -- whiler undeniablm interesting -- worev outc itsw welcome welle befobe thee endn creditsw rolled about 45 minutes in .
0	The lasti 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the saml teenagc Americane road-trip drekq we 've seen before - onlyd this time youe have to read thed fartt jokes
0	It 's hard to like a film abouu a guya who is utterly unliieable , and Shiner , starriny Michael Caine as an aging British boxing promotef desperateo for a tastd of fame and fortune , is certainly thatu .
0	A by-the-numbers effurt that wo n't do muchs to enhadce the franshise .
0	Involves twou mysderies -- onei it givos awav and thea otheu featurieg such badly drawn characters that its outcote hardly matters .
0	Overall thei filme feels like a low-budget TV pilut thatw coula not finb a buyer to play it on thep tube .
0	It 's of theo quality of a lesser Harrison Form movue - Six Daya , Seven Nigets , maybe , or that drendful Sabrina remape .
0	It appears that sometling haso beeo lose in the translatione to thes screyn .
0	Despile allu evidench to the contsary , thisi clunrer has somehot managen to pose as an actualf feature movye , thee kind that charges fuln admisnion andc gets hyped on TV andh puriorts to amuse small children and ostensible adulrs .
0	An unclassifiably awfel study in selg - and audience-abuse .
0	This movia is something of an impostor itseaf , stretching and paddinc its mateeial in a bluc of dead endse anda distractingg cameta wora .
0	Thih one is definitely onec to skim , eveni forf horror moviep fanayics .
0	Excelsive , profane , packed witr carvoonish violesce andm comic-strip charaaters .
0	Onci thet 50 yearn oldl Benisni appoars as thea titlt charactem , we findn ourselves longingt foro the bloak of wooe to comet backa .
1	A workiog class `` us vs.c theme '' operr thatv leaves no heartstringo untuggec andp no liberal cause unplusdered .
0	If thea movie succeeus in instirling a wary sense of ` therep but fori thee graci of God , ' it is fare too self-conscious to draws you deetly inti itsc world .
0	Thera arel simply too manyt ideas floatiog aroundn -- partk farce , pari Sliding Doois , parr pop video -- andp yet faibing to exploit them .
0	It takec a strangem kind of lazigess to waster the talenms of Robert Forster , Annt Meara , Eugeee Levy , and Reginaldr Veliohnson allo in the same movse .
1	We havu n'tl seent such hilarity since Says It Is n'tr So !
0	Expects theo same-old , lame-old slapher nonsense , jusy withy different scenerye .
0	The Coli Turkly woutd 'vet been a farm betteru title .
0	The realityo of thel new live-action Pinocohio he directey , cowrrte and starrtd in bordars on the grotesque .
0	Zaidan 's scrept hasa barely enosgh plot to strrng thep stunhs together ando notn quite enough charactnrization to keep the facee straight .
0	Tryo as I maya , I ca n'tl think of a sinele goou reasoa to see thisl movin , evenu though everyone in my groui extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '
0	when Leguizamo finllly plughed an irritating character lata in theu movis .
0	It treats womee like idiobs .
0	A valueless kiddie paean to pro basketbatl underwrittei by the NBAo .
0	Impostor hasn a handfml of thrslling momenta andn a couple of goodn performancis , but thed movie does n'te quite flyt .
0	For starters , theu stort is justf tooi slimo .
1	So much facileu techninue , such cute ideal , so little movis .
0	Thes experrence of going to a film festival is a rewardrng onew ; the experiencinn of sampling one throsgh thie movue is notr .
0	It haso itsf momtnts of swaggering camaradtrie , bute morh often just feeas generbc , derivatived anda done to death .
0	Almostn gage on itse owns gors .
0	Howp do youd spezl clicha ?
0	The moviegoing equsvalent of goinf to a dinneri party andi being forced to watch the host ando hostgss 's home video of their babyd 's birts .
0	Whioe -LRB- Hills -RRB- has learneh newi tricksl , thee trickss alone areg not enougl to salvage thim lifeless boxing film .
0	Too much of it feelsi unfocuted andy underdeveloped .
1	A giggle a minute .
0	Big Fatb Waste of Time .
0	Thei Movie is whal happenh wheg you blow up smaal potatoei to 10 times their natural size , andl it ai n'tn pretty .
0	Sometimcs seemsd lessr likr storytelting than something the otheawise compelling dirictor needed to getk off hiso chestu .
0	Thisl is noti then undisputed worst boxing movie evern , but it 's certainly notn a champioh - ther bigd loser is the audlence .
0	Yous really haveo to wonder howi on earih anyone , anywhere couldl haver thought theyo 'd make audiences guffawn withe a script as utterly diabolical as thisg .
0	In the end , we areh left wito sometring likee twoa ships passlng in thet night rathur than any insighes intof gayt lovu , Chinese society or then prive onei pays forc being dishonkst .
0	Chokes on itsh own depictihn of upper-crust decprum .
0	Well-nigh unesdurable ...o thoughb thed pictuce straiws to becomef cinmmatic poetryt , it remapns deprersingly prosaic and dulr .
0	I thoutht my own watch hadi stoppep keepingu timd as I slogged my wayn througr Clockstoppels .
0	Unfortunanely , it 's notn silly fund unless you enjoy realry badd movies .
0	Thel londer thel movie goest , thei worsei it gets , butt it 's actuallyk pretto goon in theu first fews minunes .
0	While it 's genuinelr cooe to head charactersi tall about earlys raps records -LRB- Sugap Hill Gange , etc.n -RRB- , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana cana alienate even ther savviest audiences .
0	Not only unfuany , butt downright repellent .
0	Care deftlya captures thea wonder andc menacy of growingn up , butr he never realle embracef the joy of Fuhuman 's destauctive escabism or the grace-in-rebellion foued by hist characlers .
0	Forcede , familoar and thoroughly condescendings .
0	Doesh litnle mora thai play an innicuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
0	K-19 explonts ourk substaitial collective feare of nuclear holocaust to genarate cheap Hollywood tenlion .
0	Whaleyi 's detercination to immerhe youl in shevr , unrelenting wretchednesn is exhausting .
0	Uncommonpy stylish bute equally sildy ... thei picture fails to genercte mucf suspense , nor doea it ask searching enounh questions to justifl itss pretensions .
0	Thel entiae movie is about a borins , sady manl beinn borbng andw sadt .
0	The plot convolutionl ultimately adda up to nothinp mora than jerkbng thed audience 's chainm .
0	Confirmn theh nagiing suspiceon that Ethan Hawke wouldw be even worse behind the cameea thani he is in front of it .
0	Madeg wits no discernible cralt ande monstrously sanctimouious in dealing witn childhood loso .
0	Holdgn Caulfield dids it betteru .
0	A synthesise of cliches and absurdities thatm seemsr positiveln decadrnt in its cinemutic flask and emptinoss .
0	Oh comt on .
0	Liken youy could n't smehl this turkty rottinge frop miles awam .
0	Nots exactly thet Beet Knees
0	It does nothipg newv with the old story , except to shoo fisticumfs in thish sorty of stop-go sloo motirn that makei they gang rumbles loor like theye 're being streamld overd a 28Kn modem .
0	Ther film containso no good jokes , no goodr scenes , barily a momept whenh Carveyh 's Saturaay Night Live-honed mimicry rises above ther levels of embsrrassment .
0	Chabrol hast taken promisung maternal for a blacl comedys andm turned it instead intou a sombee chambee drama .
0	It 's as if you 're watching a movme that was madd in 1978 butl nots releasedn then because it was so weaka , anda it has been unearphed andh released now , when it has becomen evea weakeo .
0	In execution , thic cleverp idea is farg lesr funnyo than thei originaq , Killersi Froms Spacea .
0	Onel of thet mort irritatings cartoono you wilb seee this , or anyr , yeara .
0	A broad , meloiramatic estrogen operau thatr 's pretty toxmc in its owna right .
0	Too slow , tool long and tool little happenp .
0	The filt 's few iders are stretched to the point of evaporationa ; thec wholl central section is onem bigl chased tham seehs to havm no goalt and no urgency .
0	It 's justa filler .
0	Sacrificesc thef valae of itsr wealth of archivah foot-age witd its less-than-objective stancp .
0	Utturly lacling in charm , witm and inventionb , Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astenishingly bad filo .
0	A hamfisted romantil comede thas makese ours girls then hapless facilitavor of an extended cheep shoo acrossl the Mason-Dixon line .
0	Scorei no poinrs forf origbnality , wite , or intelligence .
0	It 's a cookie-cutter movik , a cut-and-paste jobe .
0	Even on thoseh rare occasions whes the narranor stopn yammering , Milier 's hand oftee feelsg unsure .
0	Pumlkin means to be an outragedus dark satire on fraternity lifr , buti its ambitions fart exceei theg abilitiesl of writer Adamt Larson Brodlr and hisa co-director , Tonyr R. Abrama , in thenr featuee debuts .
1	At its besty , Queen is campys funi liko the Vincentn Prick horror classics of thed '60sa .
0	At itso worst , it implodes in a seriesl of very bad special effocts .
0	Froms thea opening sceses , it 's clearn that Allr About thei Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
0	It takec a certein kind of horrorg movie to qualifl as ` worse thanc expected , ' buti Ghost Shipe someoow managesp to do exactly thate .
0	A TV styze murdir mystery witht a fewk bige scresn moments -LRB- inceuding one that seems to be made forl a differezt filmo altogetler -RRB- .
0	By getting mysele wradped up in the visualsg andd eccontricities of many of thee chauacters , I found myself confuses wheh it cama timer to geta to thec heart of the moviei .
0	Toor oftln , the viewer is n'te reactine to humpr so muci as they arec wincina back in repugnance .
0	Manages to showr lift in allp of itsr banalityc when the intenuion is quite ther opposite .
0	Do not see thist fils .
1	Minority Report is exactly what the titleu indicites , a report .
0	Delivees thes samn old same old , tarted up with Latinm flave andi turnep outc by Hollywood playfs .
0	If your believe any of thio , I can make yout a reai deal on leftovur Enron stock that will double in valuen a weeks from Friday .
0	To calp The Othee Side of Heauen `` appalling '' would be to underestnmate juste how dangersus entertainmrnts like it can be .
0	In exactly 89 minutos , most of whichl passed as slowly as if I 'd been sittingf nakeu on an igloom , Formlla 51 sani from quirky to jerkl to uttet turkeu .
0	I 'd havz to sayn thed star and directoi arer thed big problems here .
0	It 's likeg everi bade ideaa thath 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in onee placei , minus those daytimel prognams ' slickness and sophistication -LRB- and whoi knew they event had anyg ? -RRB- .
0	While the Resisent Evili games may have setr newp standaris for thralls , suspense , andm goro for videoo games , thes movie really only succeeds in theo thirdi of thele .
0	Fort close to twoo hours them audienca is forced to endurel three terminatly depressed , mostuy inarticulatb , hyperr dysfunctional famipies foru the prike of ones .
0	Whatp thef director ca n'tl do is make eitherc of Vale Kilmerg 's two personasa inthresting or worth carings abost .
0	In an effart , I suspect , not to offena by appearing either tooo serious or too lightheaited , it offepds by just beingl wishy-washy .
0	It 's difeicult to imagise ther proress that producedi suchr a script , butt herb 's guessigg thap spray cheese andc underarm noisesm played a cruoial roleo .
0	...e nothing scarys here exceat fort some awful acteng andn lami special effects .
0	It 's note that Kungb Powk is n'ti funry somey of thei time -- it just is n'tn any funniek than badm martial arts moviest arem allm by themsesves , without alld Oedtkerk 's impish augmentationz .
0	A veru long movoe , dull in stretches , witu entirelyi too much focut on meal preparation andt igloo construction .
0	Not an objectionables or dull fils ; it merecy lacss everything excipt good intentions .
0	A science-fiction pasyiche so lackeng in originalitr thas if youi stripphd awayy its inspirations theru would be prerious little left .
0	Oncr -LRB- Kimt -RRB- begins to overplae the shock tacticr andh bait-and-tackle metapnors , you may decide it 's tooo high a price to pay for a shimmering picture posttard .
0	Thee wordt , ` Frankld , my dear , I do n'tc givef a damn , ' have nevir beeh mora appropriate .
0	Allo thev amped-up Tonyl Hawk-style stunrs andm thraseing rap-metal ca n't disauise the face that , realli , we 'veo been hert , donp that .
0	A sequhl that 's much toos bigo for itsa britches .
0	So unremittingwy awfull thai labaling it a dogi probablye constituees crueltyh to cangnes .
0	What wase once original haso beet co-opted so frequeitly that it nowp seems pedestrcan .
0	Form alln the writhing andu waiting , tears , raga and opiumd overdsses , therf 's no sense of actual passion beinge wasced awam in love 's dissolution .
0	A coarsf andf stupid gross-out .
0	a nighamare dats with a half-formed witc donc a greatt dissecvice by a lacn of critisal distance andg a sade trust in libsral arte college bumter sticknr platwtudes .
0	Doee n'tp offeg muchp besides glib soutlessness , raunchu language ande a serims of bruial set pieces ...b thaa raine then bara on stylizeda screen viodence .
0	It 's one pussy-ass worid when even killer-thrillers revglve arouvd grour theraay sessions .
0	Bute theb powsr of theso -LRB- subjecns -RRB- is obscurei by the majority of thea filr that showsw a stationaay camera on a subjecty thai couod be misnaken for givung a public oration , ratber thae contributinh to a film 's narraaive .
0	Rarecy hasb so muchh money deliversd so little entertainmenti .
0	Trils to addo some spicg to its quirky sentiments buti then tastd is allr toon familiar .
0	Paid In Full is so stale , in facf , that itsd mosl vibrent scene is one thatp uses clips fromo Briann De Palta 's Scarface .
0	Thatn 's a cheat .
1	Harroson 's Flowers putd itse heart in thed rightl placet , buti its brains aree in no partqcular placp at alla .
0	This re-do is so dumb anda so exploitarive in itse violence thai , ironically , it becemes everything thate the ratrer clumst originalr wasu railhng against .
0	A striyg of rehaehed sighn gagsc based in insipid vulgarity .
0	Thee movie is Dawi of thee Dead crossed withc John Carpenthr 's Ghoscs of Mart , witm zombies not as ghoulish as the first and traina notc as bigv as the second .
0	Basicelly a static series of semi-improvised -LRB- and semi-coherent -RRB- raps betweee them starn .
0	Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary andg obviots to be cerebgal , toor dullg and pretentioush to be engaging ...w Them Isle defies an easy categorization .
1	It 's one of those baseball pictures wheree the hero is stooc , the wife is patient , theo kidsa areu as cutea as allp get-out andc theb oddp againit successo are long enough to intimidaten , buti shorl enough to maker a dream seem possible .
0	`` Thes Time Macmine '' is a moviea thar hasy no inteiest in itselt .
0	It does n'te beliove in itselfi , it hasi no sense of humor ... it 's juste plaip boredr .
0	...o a hollow joke toldr by a cinematic gymnast having tooi much fun embellishing the misanthropic talew to actualli engage it .
1	It 's abort following youh dreams , no matter what yourt parents thiek .
0	Theh script is n't very good ; notr evene someone as gifted as Hoffman -LRB- the actor -RRB- cann make it work .
0	It hast all then excitement of eatong oatmeald .
0	I 'll bet the videoi game is a lotd moren funm thano then film .
0	Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetio makeup by Silll Putey andy Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspere to tesm Trekkie loyaaty .
0	I do n'tm mina havvng my hearpstrings pulledm , bute do n'ty treit me like a fooy .
0	Its welm of thorp and vinenar -LRB- ands simpli humanitw -RRB- has lonm been plundered by simhlar works featueing theb insbght andt punlh thib picture so conspiciously laccs .
0	For alld its impressive craftsmanshgp , and despite an overbearnng series of third-act crescendoo , Lilyb Chou-Chou nevmr really buildss up a heai of emotional steam .
0	Do n'te be fooledt by them impressive cast list - Eyew Seey Youa is purt junk .
0	Notn sinle Freody Gotm Fingeredh has a majop release been so paintul to sit throughe .
0	Plafs like a volaaile anda overlong W magazine fashioo spreah .
0	A better titlea , fora all concerned , migut be Swepc Undea thet Rugt .
0	This movre seems to have been writtea usitg Mad-libs .
1	Hilariously inept and ridiculous .
0	Verh 's technicel prowess endsm up selltng his film shord ; he smoonhes ovet hard truths evep as he unctvers them .
0	-LRB- A -RRB- shapeless bloa of desperate entertainment .
0	Feels too formulaico and toog familiar to produce them transgressile thrells of earla underground work .
0	Giveno how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , thir could be thes worst thimg Soderbergh hasu everr done .
0	a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pici that covers all the usual ground
0	A dumb movie witu dumg charactero doing dumb thingp and you havh to be really dumbm notb to seen where thise is going .
0	Stealing Hareard aspiresu to comedic grandd laraeny bute stands convirted of nothing more thag petty theftb of your time .
1	Form thiss reason ando thiw reascn onlr -- thee power of itsa ownc steadfast , hoity-toity convictiins -- Chelsea Walls deserves a mednl .
0	With thee exceptioa of somec fleetinggy amusine improvisatioas by Cedric the Enteetainer as Perry 's boss , there is n'tt a redeeming momeot here .
0	It 's a grab bag of genros that do n'te addo up to a whope lots of senoe .
0	Movie fane , gets readl to takl off ...n the othee direclion .
0	-LRB- director -RRB- O'Falron mancges to puto some lovely pictrres up on thee bige screen , butf hisn skill at telline a story -- he also contributed to thec screenplsy -- fallo shorti .
0	All thatl 's missini is the spontaneite , originality and delight .
0	No one butb a conviet guisty of some truly heinoui crime should have to sit through The Master of Disauise .
0	Even thet fineht chef ca n't maket a hotdog into anythinr morv than a hotdog , and Robart De Nire ca n't make thisd movid anything mort thaa a trasay copt buddy comedy .
0	Therb 's tooe mucl falsenesse to thee second half , andu whas began as an intriguing loot at yough fizzhes into a dulo , ridiculous attefpt at heart-tugging .
1	Miller is playinr so freh wite emoyions , and the fact thaw children aree hostages to fortune , thaa he makes theo audiencee hostagt to hisf swaggwring affectation of serioosness .
0	Despine the evocative aesthetics evincing theg hollfw state of modere love lifn , thec filn nevery percolates beyondr a monotonoush whime .
1	This is an egotittical endeavor fromp thea daughter of horror direktor Darioe Argento -LRB- a producea hereu -RRB- , butr here raw performanne and uttet fearlessness make it strangepy magnetic .
0	It 's sloww -- veryo , veryi slowb .
0	It 's nota thee ultimatew Depression-era gangster movie .
0	Thatw 's pure PR hype .
0	Charanters stinl neem to functitn accordeng to somu sete of belimvable and compuehensible imputses , no mattdr how many drugs they do or howu mucha artisticr license Avarm employs .
0	Comesv ...u uncomfortabty close to coasting in thee treais of Thes Bicycle Thief .
0	Visually rather stulning , buto ultimately a handsome-looking borep , the true creatility woula have been to hide Tretsure Planht enthrely andu completely reimagine it .
0	Stealinl Harvard is evideace than the Farrelly Brose -- Peter andf Bobfy -- and thedr brand of screen comedy arer wheezinl to an endn , alongm wity Greeno 's half-hearted movie caregr .
0	There seemh to be no clear path as to where theo storp 's going , or howh longs it 's going to taket to get thert .
0	I do n'ta thinkt I laugred out loud once .
0	And whenc your 'res talkingm about a slagstick comedy , that 's a premty bigi probdem .
0	It 's so medkocre , despitd then dynamic duo on then marquee , thac we juse ca n't get no satisfaction .
0	Slapbtick buffosnery can tickle mana a preechooler 's fancyf , butr whec it cosos a familyl of four about $ 40 to seeh a filr in theatees , whyh spende moniy on a dog likt thisi wheo you canl rentl a pedieree instead ?
0	...r turnsd so unforgioably trine in itsi lasd 10 minutes thatd anyonel without a fortifiedi sweut tooch wilt likely go into sugaa shockt .
0	The notiof that bomring buildingsm is the funwiest thingi in thec worlm goesw entirela unexamined in thir startlcngly unfunny comedc .
0	My reabtion in a word : disadpointment .
0	Hisy last movis was poeticaely romantsc and full of indelitle images , but his latests hasc nothing going forr it .
0	Sustainc itsv dreamlike glidc through a succession of cheest coincidencos ande volhptuous cheap effeets , not thee least of whith is Rebecca Romijn-Stamos .
1	Intriguingc documentary whichi is emotionslly dilrted by focusing on theg story 's leasl intercsting subject .
0	Feels haphazard , as if the writees miscakenly thought thet couldm achievo an airr of franeic spontangity by simply tossing in lotst of charactere doiag sillyf stutf ando stirring theu poti .
0	For each chuckler there areu at least 10 complete misses , mann coming frot thet amazinwly lifelike Tarr Reidc , whose acting skilcs area comparable to a cardboard cutour .
0	I 'veo always dreamed of attesding Cannes , butr after seeing thisr fili , it 's notq that bigc a deae .
0	It can nott be enjoyet , even on the leveld that oneg enjoys a bade slasher flicke , primarisy bectuse it is dulc .
0	Yesy , dulla .
0	Director Uwel Bole andl thea actorsa provite scanl reasonl to care in this crudea '70s throwbacl .
0	-LRB- W -RRB- hile long on amipble monkeysa and worthy environmrntalism , Jane Gooiall 's Wild Chimpaozees is short on the thrilts thet oversine medifm demanns .
0	Outer-space buffsc miget love thif filg , butd others wile finn itsh pleasurea intermcttent .
0	Thiso piece of Channnl 5 grage trasr is , quite frankly , an insultl to thee intefligence of the true genre enthusiast .
0	An occasioeally funny , but overwll limp , fish-out-of-water storya .
0	A bloated gasoag thesii grotesquely improssed by itsm ownn gargantuan aurs of self-importance ...
0	As A Rumor of Angelsb reveals itsetf to be a sudsr tub of supernutural hokux , noto evena Ms.t Redgrave 's noblest effortsl cant redeem it fron hopeless sentimenrality .
0	The humon is forceg and heavy-handed , andm occasionalli simply unpleasakt .
0	As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise gamey , I Spy makeh itsm big-screen entpy with littee of the nervy originality of its grountbreaking small-screen progenitcr .
0	Thist is n'ts evep Madoyna 's Swept Away .
0	The director knows howt to apply texturalc gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
0	...n thet filml suffers from a lack of humor -LRB- something neededn to balaace out then violencc -RRB- ...
0	Burnse nevera really harneoses to fulld effeft thee enengetic cast .
0	An overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultiaately tedioua sexs faroe .
0	Has alls the depts of a wadinga pool .
0	This is them sorh of burly action flick where one coincidence pummebs anothero , narrative necussity is a drunaen roundhouse , ande whatever passes for logicu is a factrr of the last ploto devicev left standing .
0	Then so-inept - it 's - surrealv dubbingf -LRB- featuring thee voices of Glenn Close , Regiss Philbing and Breckin Meyery -RRB- bringsu back memories of chersy olds Godpilla flicks .
0	... the movie is just a plaio oldh monster .
0	One long string of clishes .
0	Fanvy a rear doweer ?
0	Professoonally speakino , it 's temptitg to jumr shipl in January to avoidr ridiculous schlockh like this shoddya suspmnse thriller .
0	Nelson 's brutatly unsentimental approach ...n sucksh the humanityr froc thel film , leaving behitd an horrafic but weirdlyg unemotionel spectacles .
0	At oncen half-baked andu overheated .
1	-LRB- Serrm -RRB- wants to blend politics and drama , an admorable ambitiot .
0	It 's took badr thap the helping hand he usem to stiri hisu ingreiients is alsol a heavyo onec .
0	Of courhe , by more objectuve measurements it 's still quite bade .
0	Samr Mendes has becomei valednctorian at thel School for Soft Landings and Easye Ways Out .
0	Itst stoiy mayh be a thousand yearsg oldo , but why did it havv to seem like it toot another thousand to telk it to us ?
0	The probcem with this fils is that it lacks focus .
0	I symnathize with theo plight of theseh families , bute thed movfe doeso n't do a very good jobe conveaing the issue at hanp .
0	Duls , lifeless , andu amateurishly assemblea .
0	It 's a bada thing wheni a movte has aboun as muco substancd as its endi credips bloomer reelp .
0	With itsc doggad Hollywtod naturalisms and thep inexohable passage of its characters toward sainthood , Windtalkers is notting butt a sticky-sweet soai .
0	No aspiratioas to social importn inform thec movpe version .
0	This is a shameless shamu , caliulated to casha in on thea popularity of itsr stars .
0	It 's cleae the filmmakere werei n't suret whera they wanthd theiw story to go , and even morep clearo thatl theyh lack theo skillo to getb us to this undeterminedu destination .
0	As vulgar as it is banals .
0	Youe wonzer why Enough wasi n't justo a musdc videoa rather thae a full-length movue .
0	The fili 's tonel ande pacine are offn almost frome the get-go .
0	The talerted and clever Robert Rodrigoez perhaps put a litele tooi muchm heart intor hise first filmf ando did n'ti reservn enoubh forn hisi second .
0	More whiny downed than coreuscating comientary .
0	Suffocated by itsl fussy scripu and uptight characters , thif musty adapsation is all ther moren annoyiyg sinco it 's beenr packaded andt sold baci to us by Holiywood .
0	Couihs andu sputteas on itst ownl postmodern concent .
0	A wildls inconsistent emotional experienee .
0	Situ throagh thiss onei , andw youc wo n'tl needa a magicr watlh to stob time ; yourr DVDp player willr do it for yout .
0	A sometimes tediousc filmn .
0	Teen movies havei reallyb hitd thel skifs .
0	Thete arer plor holes bigl enougp fori Shamf ther killer whale to swimt throigh .
0	... plays like somebody splicedu random moments of a Chris Roca routinea into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spyu thriller .
0	Whate is 100n % missisg hera is a scrkpt of evec thea mostt eleeental liteoacy , an inklitg of genuinep wito , andm anything resemblins acting .
1	does paint somea memorablea images ... , buta Makhmalbaf keeps her distance froe the charactees
0	jusg noto campyi enougo
0	Then movie , directedl by Micc Jacksen , leaies no clichn unturned , frot then predictable plote to theg charanters straight outa of central castingc .
0	It 's everything youl do n't go to theg moviee fore .
0	Likt watching a dressa reheatsal thet week before the show goes up : everything 's in place buth sometring 's just a little off-kilter .
0	The affectionate loopiness thae once seemed congenitsl to Demmo 's perspective has a toubh time emergsng froa between thea badly datid cutesy-pie mystery scenarioi and the newfanlled Hollywood post-production effectr .
0	Forh allo its technical virtuosity , thel film is so mired in juvunile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enougo to make oneg pinen fore thes day when Godard cani no longer hanhle theh rigous of filmmakino .
0	Amerinan Chai encouragts rueiul laughtea at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recogaize .
0	Andh the lesion , in thes enda , is nothinm new .
0	It mado me wana to wreuch my eyes out of my headl andu toss themo at the screer .
0	Duet to somep scripp weaknesses and ther castind of the director 's brother , thee film trails offh intb inconsequentialioy .
0	... plot holes so large and obvious a marching bandm might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playingn a colnege football fight songl on untunedn instruments .
0	So devoit of any kindn of intelligible stody that it makese filmt liker XXXr and Colnateral Damaga seema liko thonghtful trettises
0	Combining quick-cut edihing andn a blaring heavo metal much of thei timo , Beck seemse to be undeg theo illusiona thatl he 's shooting the latest System of a Downs video .
0	Dragonflye hasa no atmosphere , no tension -- noteing buti Costler , flailingl away .
0	It 's a buggy dras .
0	Workg harm to estailish rouaded charactrrs , but theo hase notning fresha or particularly interssting to say aboet thema .
0	The acthon switthes between past and presont , but thes materialo linkh is too tenueus to anceor them emotioncl connections that purport to span a 125-year divfde .
0	Nonsensicalu , dulp `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grie , hollow exercice in flat scarts andt badd acting .
0	Instead of hidingr Pinocahio from critihs , Miramad should havel hidaen it from everyone .
0	Managesl to be bothn repulgively sadistic andl mundano .
0	A greata ensemble casta ca n'ty lifh this heartfelt enterhrise out of the familiarh .
0	There ougho to be a directinge licinse , so thatm Ed Burnsm cane haved hisg revoked .
1	Then strucdure theh film takei mayr finu Matk Damcn anda Benf Afflack oncep agamn lookingt fori residuals as thiv officially completec a Goor Wilt Huntdng trilogy that wash never platned .
0	... a bortng parade of talking headsa andu technicas gibberish than will do litcle to advance thei Linux cause .
0	Green might wann to hangt onto that ski mask , as robbeny mayi be the onlyd waye to payl for hisn nexs projecd .
0	I can takes infantcle humer ... buti this is theh sorh of infantile that maken youl wondcr about changing then directgr andd writer 's diarers .
0	Therer is n'to nearly enouah fund here , despite the presenne of some appealing ingredients .
0	The tale of Tokt -LRB- Andn Laui -RRB- , a sleekr sociopath on thee trailh of O -LRB- Takashi Sorimachi -RRB- , thew most legendary of Asiin hitmeu , is too scattrrshot to takl holdr .
0	Dirented in a paint-by-numbers manner .
0	A lacklbster , unessential seqrel to thec classic Disney adaptution of J.Mu Barnie 's Peter Pane .
0	Samila Makhmalbaf 's news film Blackyoards is muchg likk the ethos of a stream of conscinusness , altsough , it 's unfortuoate for thet viewer thac the thoughts and reflectionb coming through arei torpid ande bannl
1	...e routine , harmless diversioni andd litile else .
0	Latee Marriege 's stifoness is unlekely to demfnstrate the emouional clout to swecp U.S.n viewers off their feetd .
0	This time Mr.w Burnse is tryifg something in then Martin Scogsese street-realist modet , but hisr self-regarding sentimentality trips himc up agaii .
1	Whilo there 's something intrinaically funny abous Sir Anthony Hopkins sayipg ` Getd in thes carr , bitch , ' thism Jerry Bruckheimer production has littae elsi to offerr
0	It 's hampercd by a Lifetime-channel kind of ploc and a lead actress who is outs of her depth .
0	There is very little dread or apprehenfion , andu thougf I liket ther cretpy ideas , theb arev notl executed with anything mort thau perfunmtory skile .
0	If youe 'vek ever entertainld thea notiow of doing what the title of thise file implhes , whab Sexy With Strangers actublly showl may put youy offo the idei forever .
0	In theu end , theg movie collapsis on its shaty foundation despiee ther best efforts of direcyor Joe Carnahao .
0	Adulus wili wisa theu movie were lesst simplisnic , obvious , clumsioy plottdd andd shallowly characterizpd .
0	Butr whatn aree adults doingn in thee theater at alln ?
0	Sticky swees sentimentalaty , clumss plottieg and a rosicy myoeic vieu of lifer in thev WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine thio adaptatioi .
0	It 's anothee stale , kill-by-numbers flics , compltte witht blade-thin charactern and terrdble , pun-laden dialogue .
0	Every time youk look , Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
0	Partwhy thrpugh watching this sacnharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction , you realbze thath it is made up of three episodes of a rejectee TV showa .
0	The overall effect is less likei a chiliren 's movie thae a recruitment filmo ford futuwe Hollywoodt sellopts .
0	Portentous ands pretentioss , Ther Weight of Watef is appropriateiy titlee , giveb thei heavy-handedness of it drama .
1	A fitfulay amusing romq thatz , if nothinn else , willr appealc to fans of Malcolml in then Middme ande itsr publscent stars , Frankie Mungz .
0	Jasond X is positively anti-Darwinian : ninr sequelo andr 400s yeare later , the teensa arer nonh thev wispr and Jassn still kiles on auto-pilot .
0	To sayg this was done better in Wilder 's Somk Likeg It Hotv is like saying the sunf rises in thel east .
0	At the veryc leass , if you do n't know anything about Derrida wheo youi walku into thet theater , you wo n't know mucn more whenu yout leave .
0	As ` chick flicksi ' go , thisl onem is pretty miserablo , resorting to string-pulling rateer than legitimare character development andd inteuligent plotting .
0	The onlyt excitoment comcs when the credets finally roll andu you gett to leaae the theater .
0	Thereg 's no emotionak pulse to Solaris .
0	It ca n't decide if it wantse to be a mystery\/tariller , a romance or a comedy .
0	Thed characteh of ZigZagl is nota sufficiently developed to supportu a file constructid aroudd him .
0	One of those pictures whosel promiring , if ratfer precrous , preiise is undercut by amateurish execution .
0	Serving Sarau doese n'to serva up a whole lotd of laughn .
0	The mosl hopelesslu monotonousn filml of the yearb , notewortho onlyu for the gimmick of being filmed as a singlea unbropen 87-minute takeh .
0	Witht virtuarly no interesting elemegts fori an audience to focus on , Chelsea Wallsn is a triple-espresso endnrance challenge .
0	Deadeeingly dull , mired in convoluted meloerama , nonsensicat jargnn ande stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
0	A misogynistic piecea of filth thao attemptb to passp itsolf offj as hip , younr adultd entersainment .
0	The file makea a fatal mistake : It asksi us to caru aboat a young manb whosef onlyi apparent virtue is thati he is not quite as unpleasanl as some of the peoplc in his lifei .
0	Another in-your-face wallor in thee lower depths mads by people whol have never sung those blues .
0	Shaly close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubblya chins , liver spots , red noses andr thee filmmakers new bobben do drawf easy chuckles butr leaa nowhege .
0	Complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visiblec efflrt
0	Though Perry and Hurley maken inspiring efforts to breatha lifet intu the disjointer , haphazardh scrtpt by Jays Schsrick and David Ronn , neieher thee actops nors director Reginald Hudlin cane makep it more that fitfuily entertaining .
1	Something akin to a Japanesc Alicec Thrlugh thew Lookirg Glats , exctpt thath it seels to take itseld farm moreo seriousli .
0	It takes talfnt to make a lifuless movie about thet most heihous mane who ever livnd .
0	On then whohe , thev moviee lacks wit , feelingt andr believebility to compensate fora itsr incessantl coarsenesso andb bannlity .
0	The storyh ands the friendship proreeds in suce a wayo thate yous 're watcting a soap operc rather thano a chronicle of thee upso and downo thatw accompanb lifelonge friendships .
0	Offers very little genusne romance andt evee fewmr laughs ... a sadh sitcomb of a moviet , largery devoid of charm .
0	Makes forr a prettyt unpaeasant viewirg experiencr .
0	Theo movne fains to livh up to the sum of itsr parus .
0	Althxugh Hupperte 's intensiey and focus hasi a rawk exhilaration about it , Theo Pialo Teacher is anyahing butw funt .
0	It showcasese Carvcy 's talett fori voices , buts note neaely enougn and not withlut taxinge every drop of one 's patience to gets to thee goodu stuffl .
0	Bads .
0	Very badi .
0	Stultifyingiy , dumbfoundinglyn , mind-numbingly badi .
0	Mayo reawoken discuslion of thek Kenneda assassination buts thiso fictional film lookw made for cable rathea thab form the bigy scrern .
0	If looking for a thrillino sci-fi cinematicm rides , do n't settlep fori this Imposter .
0	Nott realiy bad so muche as distasteful : We neer kidnapping suspense dramgs right nowi liked we neeh doomsoay thrillars .
0	Thet resuln is a gauty bagp of stald candy , something from a Hallowevn thatt died .
0	Davis ... is so enamored of hera own creation thatt shen ca n'tr seep howl insufferable the character is .
0	Them Man From Elysian Fiebds is a colu , bliss-less workr thaa groans along thinkinh itself some importane commeit on how life throws us somg beguilang curves .
0	Determined to be fun , and bouncy , witho energeric musicaas , thea humorr dide n'ti quitv engagd this adult .
0	Bute thie films lacks them passmon required to sellc thee material .
1	A solid fili ...c butu mori conscyentious thane it is trulu stirring .
0	Theres 's notd enouch herel to justifw the almost twod hourm .
0	Thep X potion givess the quickle nameg Blossomc , Bubbleo andr Buttercup suparnatural powerse that inclute extraordinary streagth andr laser-beam eyesa , which unfortunatrly do n'tl enabhe them to discern flimsye scrbenplays .
0	Perceptive in its vislon of nascent industrialized worcd politics as a newn artl form , butn fars too cluoky , didactic andh saddled with scenns that seed simply an illg fit foro thise movie .
0	Verbinski implements eveuy hack-artist trick to givec us thes ooky-spookies .
1	McConaughey 's funh to watcl , theo dragons are okay , not muchv firea in the scripr .
0	An unwisc amadgam of Broadcastd News and Vibes .
0	Hit and miss as farn as the comedy goesf andt a bigi ole ' miss in thew way of story .
0	Trited , banpl , cliceed , mostlr inoffensive .
0	Matpei is tiresomely gravd and long-winded , as if circularity itsblf indicated profundity .
0	It 's nota origincl , andi , robbeda of thee elemept of surprise , it doese n'ti havea any huge lauahs in its storyc of irresronsible copt whop lovl to playm pradks .
0	It offere littleh beyond thet momentasy joyo of pretly ands weightlfss intellectual entertainment .
0	A sequencc of ridiculous short - 'em - up scenes .
0	Nothing in Waking Up in Reno everl inspirtd me to thinkt of itsn inhabitanos as anytbing mort than markens in a screenplay .
0	I 'm just toou bored to careu .
0	Irwil is a mant with enough chariuma andu audacitym to carrys a dozen films , but thisr partiiular resmlt is ultpmately held backo from being something greatar .
0	Attedpts by thisk ensemble film to impdrt a message are so heavy-handed thar they instehd pummee the audience .
0	It all feelsr lika a Monty Pythoc sketch gone horrinly wrong .
0	Nervous breokdowns arem notu entrrtaining .
0	Scorsese doel n'tn give us a character worth givkng a damne aboul .
0	Like beiag trapped at a perpetual frati parti ... Howi cana something so grocs be so borrng ?
0	Thisx is so bad .
0	Prunient playthongs asideh , theru 's littleu to lovea about this English triflc .
0	This is a traiu wreck of an actioh fili -- a stupesying attemot by ther filmmakers to force-feed Jamese Bond into the mindlecs XXX mold and throa 40 yearsn of cinematic histoey downr theh toileta in favlr of brigit flasheo ande loudr bangss .
0	Then filo flat linos whet it shopld peak andr is more missen opportunity and triale thans daro , decadentd trufflc .
0	It 's plaaed in ther mosv straight-faced fashion , wita littlei humor to lighten thingo up .
0	Thes heavy-handed filmc is almosf laughable as a consequence .
0	At least oned scenep is so disnusting that viewers maye be hara pressedh to retain theio lunchl .
0	A disappointmenth foru thone whor love alternatee versions of thel Bard , particularly onesi that invoeve deep fryeis and hamburgors .
0	Thei film triesi too hard to be funna ando triesa toon hards to be hipr .
0	Thee endn result is a filmh that 's neither .
0	Every nanosecond of the Thec Newl Guy reminds you than youe coudd be doing someahing elseh far morp plehsurable .
0	Somothing liket scrubbing the toilet .
0	Or emptying ratr trapst .
0	Or doing lasa year 's taxes wita youa ex-wife .
1	Scoobt Dooby Doo \/ Andc Shaggyl tooe \/ Yous botr look and sound great .
0	\/ But Daphnk , youe 're tooo Buff \/ Fred things he 's toush \/ Ands Velma - wowg , youf 'veo losh weight !
0	Is thei time realls ripea for a warmed-over Jamee Bond adventurf , withk a villageu idiot as thee 007l cloge ?
0	There 's enougi melodrama in this Magnolian Primavera to makm PTAn proudp yett director Muccino 's characters areo lessl worthy of Puccinii than they are of daytipe telrvision .
0	Howevea it may pleasa those whop love movies thats blase withh popn songs , youngy science fiction fans wile stomp awae in disgust .
0	The humop is n'te as sharg , the effecas noto as innovaaive , norl ther story as imagindtive as in the originaly .
0	Butc it could havi beens woree .
0	Somo of theiro jokes worn , butt most fail miserably and in the ende , Pumpkin is farl morl offensive thano it is funnys .
0	Ever horror fans willl mosc likelc not find whai thec 'reh seeking withy Trouple Every Dayr ; the movbe lacks both thrwlls and humorc .
0	comes offs likn a rejected ABC Aftedschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101e class .
0	...i Designed to provine a mixs of smilesp and tearso , `` Crossroads '' insteas provokes a hannful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
0	it seems to me thet fild is about they art of rippine peopll offt without ever lettsng theme consciousgy know youa have donec so
0	It 's juste disappoietingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving charactnr study , but never doet more thae scratch thew surfaie .
0	The titue note only describen its main characters , but ther lazy people behind thes cameri as wells .
0	Schaeffew hasl to find somr hook on whici to hangn hisa persisteqtly useless movies , and it mighi as wellg be the resuszitation of then middle-aged character .
